welcome to the second ten thousand
subscribers special video this video is
an announcement for another competition
i'm going to have there is already a
competition running it is about your
medieval style cities towns and villages
please for to get all the information
about the other competition go to the
video where i announced it it is called
10000k subscribers go no not at all
unfortunately not of course 10k
subscribers competition medieval cities
so please go to that video get all the
information about the other competition
and of course participate for this
competition however we are going to make
a little bit a little bit different so
this competition is going to be not
really related to minecraft that much so
what I want you guys to do is to make a
car gift or madness 64 meme if you don't
know what a meme is then you probably
missed a lot in case you don't know what
a meme is please go to google and google
search meme nem é and once you know what
a meme is or if you already knew please
go to my facebook site and post your
madness 64 or car get meme target is the
city of which i'm building which you can
see right now in the background if you
don't know on my facebook wall or
timeline or whatever that's called right
now and here is a small example of a
meme i did really quick of course I
wouldn't if I were you I wouldn't enter
the same meme in the contest you
probably would have only small chances
but anyways the due date for this
competition is the same like the due
date of the first video so it's june
twenty of course year 2012 and i'm going
to announce the winner in the same
special video where i'm going to
announce the winner of the first
competition one small hint you can also
go to google and google search mean
generator there are loads of them and
they are just with them it's just easier
to make such a mean of course i would
really like to have such memes some such
comic type means
in the contest but that's up to you guys
so yeah that's pretty much it I think
you have all the information you need so
as always please rate comment subscribe
do as you hopefully we'll see you next
time bye bye